Beep Beep
Good morning, everyone.
Testing one, two.
This is Gigaohm Biological.
We are live at stream.gigaohm.bio.
We are live on Twitch, on Rumble, and on YouTube at JC on a Bike.
Welcome to the show, ladies and gentlemen.
Good to see you.
The voice that you are hearing is that of Jonathan J. Cooey.
I come to you live out of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania as often as I can, usually in the morning.
My last name is spelled C-O-U-E-Y.
You can find the stain of my chasing tenure before the pandemic on the National Library of Medicine website, PubMed, with my last name and my initials J.J.
Thank you very much for joining me.
I will see you in a few minutes after the intro.
Please tweet this out, share it on your social media platforms that you use, the military
social control mechanisms that you still participate in, please share it and try to help people to find this work.
Thank you very much.
Now, Dr. Gallo and Dr. Fauci talked a lot about isolation and purification.
Can you tell me what the difference is between the two?
Isolation, what was it?
Isolation and purification.
Of the virus?
Yes.
Well, you isolate a virus by
finding the virus which causes a disease.
You purify a virus by making a lot of, I mean, just by purifying it so you get a pure virus.
I don't understand what the issue.
I see.
No, it depends on how they used it.
Well, didn't Dr. Gallo do that?
I mean, he actually isolated it.
So, I mean, why should I do all of this?
This is all textbook stuff you're asking me.
It doesn't matter much at all what you believe about vaccines until we invent really important ones.
You know, until we have a pandemic that's killing everyone, you know, and it's measles plus.
Okay, I can tolerate what you think about measles because not that many people die from it.
It's just a big hassle in the end, but no, when we have this new pandemic that has got 75%
mortality.
There'll be no pretense of being polite in the face of these beliefs.
It'll be a moral emergency, because it has to be.
By about 1660, John Locke wrote that day laborers and tradesmen, spinsters and dairy maids, must be told what to believe.
The greatest part cannot know, and therefore they must believe.
just it's literally turning into a worst case scenario.
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst case scenario.
I'm afraid that the latest data... But you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
I think truth is good for kids.
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more in society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not the way life is.
Sweaty palms.
This is so crazy.
Like goosebumps.
I feel so nervous.
Like what in the world, man?
Jonathan, who's gonna talk about his latest kind of distillation of what the pandemic means to society, to biology, to science, and to democracy, and to the whole kind of idea of empiricism and integrity.
And then each of us, this incredible preeminent panel that we have, each one of you is gonna get a chance to comment
I don't care how you get there.
I don't care what you do to get there.
The goal is to win.
Good morning, everybody.
Welcome to the show.
This is GigaOM Biological, a high resistance, low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
What a strange trip it's been.
I'm coming to you live from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania in the back of my garage.
No thanks to any of these people.
It's really incredible where we are and I think the only way out is by learning the biology they don't want you to understand.
learning the biology that they're lying about, learning the biology that would destroy the mythology that we are currently trapped in.
That's what Giga Home Biological is trying to help people do.
I'm not the only one, but when I'm one of the few, we are definitely living in interesting times.
And we need people to be like Galileo.
You need to report what you can see through your telescope.
You need to realize that your phone is not a telescope.
It's a way for them to occupy your consciousness, to occupy the limited number of thoughts that you can have every day.
And also, you're allowing them to see them, to share them.
to occupy and control them.
That's where we are, because it's not a matter of what is true, but a matter of what is perceived to be true.
And if you scroll, attempting to find out what's true, you're just going to find out what they want you to perceive as true.
And this has been the way it is since
since fiat currencies and the American banks were taken over and the banking system in the world was usurped by these liars and they have now moved on to the stage where they're destroying our respective cultures by convincing people to stop reading and instead just keep scrolling
And this is also allowing them to effectively erase or replace our history with common folklore and mythology that really has no basis in reality.
And there are people who've seen this way before me and way before anybody and before the pandemic, but the pandemic has helped a lot more people to be shown what's really going on.
And in the end, it's come down to inverting our sovereignty as individuals into something of an experimental animal.
so that they can feed our data to their God.
Because Joshua Lederberg and other people have been telling stories for a long time about how, at a certain point in the future, this would be possible.
And of course, Edward Bernays already knew in the 1920s that the conscious and intelligent manipulation of the organized habits and opinions of the masses is an important element in democratic society.
He also knew that those who manipulated this unseen mechanism
would constitute an invisible government, which is the true ruling power of our country.
And then, more than a generation later, you have Noam Chomsky basically saying the same thing.
The smart way to keep people passive and obedient is to strictly limit the spectrum of acceptable opinion, but allow a very lively debate within that spectrum, even encourage the more critical and seemingly dissident views.
This gives the people the sense that there's free thinking going on while all the time presuppositions of the system are being reinforced by the limits put on the range of debate.
That's exactly what Bret Weinstein does and has been doing since he ever went on the internet as a podcaster.
And whether Joe Rogan knows it or not, that's exactly what all of the guests that have come on his show and smoked weed with him have been doing as well.
Participating in a very lively debate which reinforces all the presuppositions of the system.
And once you see it and the illusion breaks, you almost can't go on social media anymore without becoming tainted by the sheer overwhelming
amount of lying going on.
And it's a spectacular commitment to lies.
That's what you see.
These people are spectacularly committed to these lies because they are engaged in an ongoing audition to be a permanent part or a more prominent part member of the overclass
that is ruling us with this combination of controlling the banking system, the monetary system, and effectively controlling us by ruling through mythologies, governance by mythology, and this really elaborate theater on social media, which covers all different stages.
It is a Lollapalooza of liars.
There are blue stages and red stages, left stages and right stages, heterodox stages and orthodox stages, and it's all the same commitment to the lie that it's not one Lollapalooza, but it's a bunch of organically erupting movements that are part of a unity movement or something like this.
No, ladies and gentlemen, no.
The reason why they're gonna get our kids is because we won't wake up.
The reason why our grandkids may already be enslaved is because very few of us are willing to actually wake up, speak the truth every day and see what happens.
Because that's what's really necessary.
You gotta be able to say it whenever called upon.
You gotta be able to call out these lies whenever called upon.
It can't be something where you know this is true, but you let people talk about it anyway.
You've gotta call it out every chance you get now.
You've gotta share my work and the work of Mark Kulak and a few others, like maybe Joe Marshall, as often as possible, because this spectacular commitment's not gonna go away.
These people are not gonna stop.
Why is that not going?
These people aren't going to stop until all of us learn the biology and chase them down with it.
These people are not going to stop because the history has already been twisted and contorted by a
a collective coordinated group of liars that goes all the way back to the history of HIV all goes all the way back to the special cancer virus program and whether or not viruses cause cancer or cause AIDS or this is all the same multi-generational illusion
where we understand most or all of our biology or it's inevitable that we soon will because we discovered DNA and therefore evolution is real.
We must dispel this mythology and the charlatans that push it.
We must dispel this mythology and the charlatans that push it if we want this time to be different.
That's the trick.
You want this time to be different?
You want to get the power back from these charlatans?
We must learn the biology that they are lying about.
The best way that I can encourage you to learn the biology that they are lying about is to take this list of statements and try your best to use any means necessary to disprove them, to check them, to falsify them.
Again, just pause the music for a second.
I'm asking everyone that sees this message to take these simple statements and do their best by any means necessary to falsify them.
that intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
The transfection of healthy humans was always criminal and RNA cannot pandemic.
The subtitle there being the US vaccine schedule is a criminal enterprise.
I want real people.
responsible, critically thinking adults to attempt to take this list and falsify it.
Find as many pieces of evidence as you can that work to falsify these statements and we will make progress.
We will get closer to the opening of the cave that we are in if you or anyone you know can take up the challenge of taking this list and explicitly, as detailed as possible, debunk it.
Because if you can't, then the truth is that the U.S.
vaccine schedule is a criminal enterprise and it was before the pandemic.
which makes my statements about who these people were before the pandemic even more relevant.
It makes my statements about the sabotage that has likely occurred or started before the pandemic even more relevant.
Because again, if these statements cannot be disproven, that no one will bother to even speak them out loud,
No one in the health freedom movement will just take these ideas and say, you know, Jay is a blowhard, but man, oh man, he got two of the three of these dead on balls accurate.
You have to see that this is only malevolence.
It's only a theater.
I have gotten to talk to all of these people in person who claim to be aware of the problems.
Claim to be part of the movement.
and can only sell onesies that kinda sorta say this but not really.
They don't make a banner that says this.
They won't buy a billboard that says this.
They won't sell t-shirts for adults that say this.
They won't sell books that say this.
And they've had almost two decades to do it.
culminating with a movement during the first Trump administration with Vaxxed and Vaxxed 2.
During the first Trump administration.
You gotta see it for what it is, ladies and gentlemen.
You gotta see it for what it is.
Ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and gentlemen, this is GigaOM Biological.
A high-resistance, low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
Sometimes I am a little upset because I do think that there is a real paucity of real information out there on the internet.
YouTube is almost devoid of anyone that's actually thinking.
And in fact, what you see on YouTube is a coordinated group of liars that extends from somebody like Sam Seder criticizing Brett Weinstein all the way to Tim Pool promoting Brett Weinstein.
And you see all of these people that claim to be arguing and facing off with one another, and it is all just one malevolent chorus.
There are very, very few real, innocent, normal thinking voices that rise to any level of prominence on YouTube.
Because again, you have to think about it.
If there are 100 million people that are trying to put out any message at all on YouTube, and YouTube only can show you 24 videos with each scroll of your screen,
and what you click on can be potentially the source of money, or distraction, or governance by mythology, then why would any of those videos be left to chance?
If you subscribe to too many of these fake accounts, then your entire feed can essentially be fake.
Only if you subscribe to a scant few regularly weeded out groups of people or channels can you hope that the algorithm will be forced to feed you something relevant.
Otherwise, essentially, you're just gonna be overloaded.
Like you can be on Twitter or on Facebook or on any of these other military social control mechanisms, these software suites.
where your attention is essentially offered up to the next thing that shows up on the screen.
We must teach our children to use the internet in a much more vigilant, hyper-focused, and hyper-filtered sort of way so that they are in control as much as possible as to what they spend their time thinking about.
It's one of the most important battles that we haven't even begun to fight because most of these people won't even talk about that.
The fact that before the pandemic, the amount of screen time that any of us had was orders of magnitude lower than it is now.
And it has become normalized even in our youngest children.
And this is the utmost of dangerous scenarios that we seem to have wholly accepted as a result of there being pandemics and stuff.
And so I just want to briefly discuss some of these things before I look at some of the videos that have come out recently, the things that happened last week.
I don't know what I'm going to call this show on Mondays.
Maybe I should call it like last week this morning or something like that.
Anyway, it is February 3rd, 2025.
This still remains for all the children on earth.
I apologize for the Twitch people.
This is Peertube.
Look at that.
Is that there?
Does that work?
Yeah, baby!
Hello, check it out.
I'm gonna put the chats away for now, though.
It is for all the marbles, ladies and gentlemen, definitely.
for all the marbles.
And I just, I can't stress enough how important it is for you to realize that after five years of hard work together, we've gotten to the stage where I think we can pretty much explain it in one slide.
We have no data to differentiate the signals that we are being told was COVID from a background signal.
And in fact, using standard synthetic DNA
and the distribution of it, anyone could turn a background signal into evidence of spread with non-specific PCR tests.
It's just that simple.
Because RNA cannot pandemic.
Now the people that we are opposing essentially say that the COVID shots are bad, just don't talk about 2020, and that's the reason.
Because it is in 2020, 2021, and 2022 that all the murder happened, and that's why none of these people made any useful progress as dissidents in a health freedom movement before 2022.
So I want to make sure that you understand that that is my argument, that the murder happened during the first couple years of the pandemic, and these people just needed to run out the clock with a mystery-solving exercise about a lab leak.
And now I think this is it, right?
I mean, using their tests to find their ghost does not make their ghost real, nor does it make you a ghostbuster.
The way that they rolled out the transfection is simple.
They used placebo, that's what made it safe.
And then they controlled the whining about the safety signal by putting people like Epigirl in place, just like the SPARS pandemic document described.
social media personalities that were pointing out that the shots were bad.
Interestingly, when Jessica Rose was doing her schtick for the first two and a half years, she didn't say that Children's Health Defense knew that the vaccine schedule was criminal before the pandemic.
She said that there was no signal before the pandemic and that the signal started after the vaccine rollout.
Once you start to line all of these things up on the calendar, on the timeline, you realize that none of the people that have been in front of Ron Johnson's Senate group saved anyone from this narrative.
They have not questioned any of the foundational aspects of the narrative.
One of the most important being what I am calling the non-specific PCR tests that people like Kevin McKernan of the Human Genome Project have been out in front, podcast after podcast since 2020, making sure that no useful questions about that test were asked.
No useful questions about that methodology were asked.
And instead, curiously enough, McKernan is asking the same questions about the PCR test that the no virus people asked about.
And that's why I believe it is very important that our children understand that the overclass, those are the people that don't need money anymore because they have generational wealth, multi-generational wealth.
some of which can be traced back to the Pilgrims, or to the Dutch East Indies Company, or to some other giant, old, weaponized pile of money.
If your family was considered rich in the early 1900s, goodness sakes, ladies and gentlemen.
And so the overclass has placed, using monopoly money, has placed highly trained acolytes on social media just the same way that they used to control what was on TV and what was on the newspaper front page.
They have moved to a much more, much more effective control mechanism, and that is the various forms of social media.
And they can just put people on social media,
use the programming of social media to make them seem to rise, convince the whole world that viral on the internet is a real thing, that good ideas and smart people go viral on the internet, and that way they can control the questions we ask and the answers we arrived at to trick us into believing anything.
and what I am suggesting and what I have been suggesting for some years now on other platforms besides YouTube, although I'm now on YouTube today with 20 people watching.
Hello, good to see you guys.
Michael, good to see you in the chat there.
PCR is not a useful diagnostic tool.
It's just not.
It might be useful for looking for things in nature, in a surveillance sort of way, but it's not a diagnostic tool.
It doesn't prove anything.
Pure oxygen does cause ARDS, which is the main symptom of SARS, and said to be the main symptom of SARS-CoV-2 when it was starting to circulate in 2020.
Pure oxygen does that.
the unadulterated, unmitigated panic that was created by people like Kyle Seidel and Pierre Corey.
The protocols released by the CDC, which I assume, although I would also assume that doctors could check this, would encourage, if you don't have ventilators, to give people pure oxygen if their pulse oximeter read too low.
Interestingly, the pulse oximeter was one of the primary reasons that Pierre Cory should argue that people were saved at the beginning of the pandemic because he said one of the primary strange symptoms that he'd never seen before that could diagnose COVID was a low pulse ox, which I'm sure had nothing to do with the fact that these people were wearing two masks because of the panic that was being created on social media and on TV.
It's weird how this device, which Pierre Cory in 2020 would have argued would have been essential, essential medical equipment, has virtually vanished from the radar of any discussion of anything to do with COVID anymore.
This used to be the way that they diagnosed it.
Actually, the FLCCC protocol suggested that if this number was lower than 94, you should go to the hospital.
And so again, what I am suggesting, I want to be very clear.
I think the overclass placed people like Kevin McKernan, Jessica Rose, and Robert Malone in place and moved them forward into the public eye to enact a narrative.
A narrative about a mystery solving exercise with a lab leak and perpetuated the lie about RNA virology.
perpetuated the lie about antibodies to novel viruses being evidence of memory.
And since we don't have antibodies, we must all be vulnerable.
All of this remained absolutely and positively unquestioned by Kevin McKernan, Jessica Rose, Meryl Nass, Robert Malone, all these medical and biological experts
that parachuted in in 2021 to tell us the truth, to make sure that we kept our eyes on the ball, never once questioned PCR usefully, never once questioned the immunology that was put forth by the state and by the narrative, even by Bill Gates.
And if they did question it, they questioned it in a non-useful way, by still controlling the questions we asked and the answers that we considered.
so that in the end we all believe that there was a toxic spike protein that might be gain of function, that probably was a lab leak, that even if it wasn't, it could be the next one.
And here we are now with the announcement of this AI initiative in America, which falls in line exactly with what myself and only Mark Kulak has been saying, which is that they are inverting our individual sovereignty to this status of experimental animal because the Human Genome Project was a lie.
They need our medical data.
They need our whole genomic data.
And it's not as simple as going through our garbage.
It's not as simple as going through our garbage.
So they needed to have us at home.
They needed to have college kids go back to college and have to be subjected to swabbing every week.
They had to sell those remnants under the guise of sequencing the virus and looking for mutations at Los Alamos Laboratories with DITRA.
And so this illusion, this fraudulent use of PCR as a viral diagnostic is the establishment of a medical remnant stream that has not gone away.
has only become standard, and this is a source of de-identified, de-identified data, that when put back into a big enough computer with a big enough comparison power to compare and enough access to enough of other data, then the de-identified stuff doesn't matter anymore because they'll be able to match it back up with the medical records.
It's not very hard, especially if they have the power of brute force computing behind them.
especially if they have week after week after week of testing, especially if they have university health records from every student that ever enrolled and matriculated.
Then they can get the Epic database and they can de-identify it and cross list them.
And if there's malevolence, if they do it by any means necessary, then I hope you can see that this is trivial.
and that they ran out the clock on this.
This is already ongoing.
They announced it in the Trump administration, but when they announced it, they said the buildings were already being built, which means they were already designed, which means all the power outlets and all the engineering that's gonna be needed to cool the place, all that stuff was designed.
Otherwise, what are they building?
And so this is a plan.
Doesn't matter who is at the top of the pirate ship that everybody's watching and all the lights are on and in the fountain at Las Vegas.
It doesn't matter if one captain or another captain is on that pirate ship out in front of that casino in Las Vegas.
You know that that's true.
Is that the Mirage that has the pirate ship out in front of it?
I don't even know.
But they have all this live pirate enactment and cannons going off every hour or something like that in their fountain.
You know that it doesn't matter who plays the captain.
You know it doesn't matter who plays the pirates that get shot or the pirates that don't get shot in that enactment and it happens every hour.
But for some reason, we've become convinced that on longer timescales, you know, like four-year elections, that these people are real.
And the reason why we're convinced that is because our parents were convinced.
We inherited that myth from our parents.
Heck, it could have even been true when our parents were alive.
It could have been true when we were kids, but it's not true now.
We are being governed as experimental animals, as farm animals already.
It's already happened.
The gates are already closed.
The barn door is already open, whatever the right analogy is.
That's why they felt so comfortable announcing it, even though they told you that they were already going forward with it before Trump was elected.
Otherwise, they wouldn't have buildings already built.
Because buildings have to be designed, especially if they're going to have an enormous number of computers working inside of them.
This was all accomplished for the slavers by Team Worst Case Scenario.
Team Worst Case Scenario are the people that have been manipulating our opinions on social media.
The Team Worst Case Scenario are the people that have been orchestrating this limited spectrum of debate about who's guilty.
Is it Fauci or Daszak?
Is it the diffuse proposal?
The diffuse proposal is the very lively debate within that spectrum.
Is it real?
Is it fake?
Is the debate, is that spectrum?
That's them occupying our consciousness, occupying our attention, giving us questions to answer.
That was him.
Unfortunately, I feel really sad because not everybody has a person like Kevin McKernan that they can look to repeatedly in their experience and say, wow, well, I don't have to, I should always remember him.
Because if I ever have any doubts, that's all I have to do is think about him.
Or think about Rixey.
Or think about McCairn.
And all the real interactions I had with these people before and during the pandemic, from the start till now,
Not everybody has this really clear set of handholds in reality where people lied to them and backstabbed them and made ridiculous numbers of videos, hours of videos about them.
Most of my viewers have not had that experience.
And so it's not as real to you as it would be to me, but my most, most
The thing I'm most thankful for is the Danny Jones podcast and Kevin McKernan's interview on it.
Because in that interview, he repeatedly mentions someone who came to my house in 2022.
He repeatedly mentions him in a way that is verifiably false.
And is verifiably false by a number of people directly connected to and including Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
which is a really extraordinary place for anyone to be, but that's where I am.
And so for me, it's not a question of if or what, or maybe it's a question of what do I do now?
Because Kevin McKernan has not only revealed the truth to me for sure about what I was probably right about all along, but the fact of how many people have been coordinating their efforts to obfuscate that.
And so that's why I think my news program is so important.
That's why I think Ego and Biological is so important because I do think the reason why they won't dispute any of the opening statements of this program is because the vaccine schedule in America is actually a criminal enterprise.
That's also why I don't think YouTube can do anything about this show because if they do, they will be calling attention to it.
They will be giving it the badge of honor, you know, the one that says censorship because it's the truth.
And so, they're gonna have to ignore GigaOM Biological on YouTube now, because if they give me a strike or they cancel this channel, then all of it will go viral.
Who knew?
Of course it won't go viral, but you know, it will be further admission that this is the real deal.
So that's my call.
I don't think that they will censor this stream.
They can't afford to call any attention to the fact that we had it figured out all along, long time ago.
That's why they knew this was coming.
If you just pause this right here and you see that in 2004 the population pyramid already clearly revealed that in 20 years when this population right here, this is the males on this side, females on that side, you have age from 0 to 4, 5 to 9, 10 to 14, going up all the way to retirement age.
This is a way of visualizing the population of America.
When I stopped the video, the population was 292 million people distributed exactly like this.
And I think if you can think graphically, you can see that there's a bump here of people.
And that bump was originating, if I get my mouse here, was originating back here.
So when you see it down here now, you realize that already back in 1990, when I graduated from high school, people like Ted Turner already knew that when these people got old, this was gonna be a problem because they would all collect social security, they would all be on Medicare or Medicaid.
I don't know why that advanced.
And so my point is very simple.
They knew this was coming.
They knew that an expected rise in all cause mortality that would last about a decade was coming.
And that if we put all of our energy into giving those people the longest lives possible, all Western nations on earth would run out of money.
We couldn't afford to keep all of these old and, in America, quite unhealthy people alive until they're 90, if possible, by throwing everything at them, as far as Western medicine had, because the stats on that are about $500,000 for the last six months of life.
Or for every six months that you add on.
And so these myths, these are myths perpetrated by traitors.
They hide murder with lies, murder that was, that was, was managing this problem, managing this, what is essentially a budgetary problem, a hospital bed problem, a old folks home bed problem.
And they knew it was coming.
Fauci knew it was coming.
That's why they had Fauci in place for 40 years to build this narrative of pandemics, to build this narrative of disease, global circulating disease, so that when this problem matured, they could manage it with murder hidden by lies.
And that's what COVID was.
Excess deaths, they were already expected that if they showed you this graph on the right time scale, it would have this slope going up like this, because we were expecting a rise in all-cause mortality that was coming from that bump on the side of the population pyramid.
But instead, they managed it.
They made it into sharp peaks by murdering people.
and then told you that was excess deaths that were caused by a novel virus, a mystery virus that might've leaked from a laboratory because, you know, it seems like Fauci's trying to cover it up and it seems like this guy that was on 60 Minutes already knows that there are 1.7 million viruses ready to jump.
So, I mean, holy cow.
And that's why Robert Malone and Meryl Nass and Jessica Rose and Kevin McKernan and Kevin McCairn and Charles Rixey will never tell you how supplementary oxygen leads directly to ARDS.
how supplementary oxygen at 60 liters a minute is ridiculously lethal.
They won't tell you about the roughly half a million Americans of all age groups that died of opioid deaths during the course of the last four or five years, because then that would contribute significantly to the decrease in life expectancy in America that has heretofore by them been attributed to the mystery virus.
That's why Denny Rancor, the guy who's known since May of 2020 that there's no epidemiological evidence of spread, never interacts with any of these heroes in a critical way and says, hey, by the way, there's no epidemiological evidence of spread, and lets them promote his 17 million people killed by the shot number.
Stop lying!
That's why there are no lawyers
in any of these organizations that can explain why strict liability would fix this problem and what it really means.
And there are no lawyers in this space that will say that we need to hold the government to strict scrutiny when they suspend fundamental rights like they are able to do with the PREP Act.
because then every lawyer worth their salt would understand what we need to do.
We need to strike the PREP Act because it allows the government to suspend fundamental rights without holding the government to strict scrutiny.
And that is a violation of a fundamental principle in American law.
And anybody worth their salt knows that.
How could I get to an understanding where I can say that out loud in plain English after roughly a year of reading and tutoring if it's not true?
Why is it that Bobbie Ann Cox of the Brownstone Institute ran away from me when I started trying to talk to her about that idea that I could say in one sentence?
It's because they're all traitors, ladies and gentlemen.
You can see it right here, 2019.
One of the things I gotta point out with this graph, and as I use it in this talk, is that the CDC does not talk about years.
They talk about flu seasons, and flu season actually starts in week 40.
out of 52 and ends in week 40.
So the year, you know, 2020 actually starts right here.
And the last 11 weeks of 2019 plus the first 50 or 41 weeks, so stupid, of 2020 is the 2019 to 2020 flu season.
And so when you interface with this graph, you have to see that these stripes in light gray are really flu seasons.
They're not years.
It's a little stupid.
But the idea is to obfuscate the truth.
So every little bit of stupidity that you can add to any of these tools, the better.
Now, what you see here is the beginning of the pandemic.
This is the 10th week.
So this is roughly February, right?
And so then here you see again, roughly February of, or January rather of 2021 right here.
And so what you can see is that basically nobody spoke out until everybody was murdered.
Nobody spoke out until everybody was transfected.
This is the middle of 20, this is not even the 10th week of 2022.
So it's like February, March of 2022 right here, see?
So really nobody useful spoke out.
They went on Bret Weinstein, what, in June?
So that's six times five, that's like week 30, like right here, they went out right here.
This is when they spoke out on Brett Weinstein and on the Joe Rogan podcast.
Nobody useful spoke out with any useful resistance until all the murder was over.
And it stops pretty abruptly.
And I'm saying that the way that they did that was they agreed across the board, left and right, up and down, that there was a mystery to solve, that it might be a lab leak.
That might be the reason why a lockdown would be smart.
That might be the reason why we need two years of lockdown.
That's how they did it, ladies and gentlemen.
They fooled us into solving a mystery.
And by solving that mystery, we accepted their monsters.
And this is indeed for all the children of earth.
This is for our grandkids.
That's why this news program is so important.
That's why I need you to share this with as many people as you can.
If we put those deaths, that same graph into my graph, you can see that pretty much from 2020, 2021, and oh, there it is, it's over.
All the murder's over.
Now we can start talking about the shot being bad.
That's exactly what happened, ladies and gentlemen.
That's exactly what happened.
And if you don't see it, except for in retrospect, that's okay.
That's really okay.
That's fine.
If you can see it now, then you can see it.
None of these people spoke out usefully.
There you go.
Even the Canadian trucker protest, you can see it there in the chat.
Even the Canadian trucker protest, says Jason is right here, was February, 2022.
So even the Canadian truckers protest was too late.
Was essentially after everything happened.
So it really fits well into this hamster wheel model.
It's extraordinary, really extraordinary.
Uh, let's see.
Let's go ahead with this.
Um, thanks guys for being here
And there was one more break or make hearing today that was for Health and Human Services nominee, Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
He went before us.
And so, of course, this is what happened last week, right?
We had two hearings of Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
They were both televised and we got to see a lot of things, hear a lot of things over and over.
I am pro vaccine.
I want to protect the vaccine schedule.
I will not take away vaccines.
I won't end vaccines.
I don't have any preconceived notions.
See, what struck me as odd was the idea that he said over and over again he didn't have any preconceived notions.
But I thought, I was under the impression that him and Mary Holland and Meryl Nass had been working really hard on this problem for about 10 years together.
Because they worked together with ICANN to produce Vaxxed in 2016.
They produced Vaxxed 2 in 2017 or 18.
I thought that they already understood pretty well the biology here, had a pretty good angle on the biology here.
And it wasn't until I actually joined the fight with them that I found out that they weren't interested in that at all.
They were actually interested in erecting and maintaining a big top tent of health freedom, which sounds a lot more like controlling people than it does a nonprofit organization with a set of goals that they want to achieve.
What you will now hear over the next weeks and months is that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is the co-founder of CHD, but he's not.
Laura Bono founded CHD.
Now they're gonna say Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
founded it.
That's what CHD still says up until today with this Kim Rosenberg or whatever her name is, the lawyer that they put in front now.
What a show she put on today with someone from Texas, Texans for Vaccine Choice.
You see the problem with that, vaccine choice?
If you actually believe that vaccines are hurting children, then it's not choice you're fighting for.
but they talk about our movement and our tribe and our movement and Big Pharma doesn't have our best interests in mind.
What about our government?
Does our government have our best interests in mind?
What about the social media people?
Do they have our best interests in mind?
What about all the weaponized piles of money or the banking interests?
And so now what we're going to watch is PBS NewsHour, who we know already has a certain spin on Bobby Kennedy.
But remember, we are being bamboozled into accepting something.
This is all part of a ritual.
and what we will accept will come tomorrow.
It could be that we are being prepped to accept him as a Health and Human Services Secretary, who will in the end achieve nothing, and we'll have to accept that.
Or we might have to accept that somebody like him will not be confirmed, and instead accept his replacement.
and then accept the system that even when we elect Donald Trump, we can't get the guy that we really wanted in there.
And then that must be the reason why nothing is going to get fixed.
In my mind, both of those narratives work quite well.
And in my mind, neither of those has been solidly presented to us yet.
It could be either outcome tomorrow.
So let's take a look, a little detailed look at the theater that happened last week as a study hall.
See if we can take a couple examples and see if we can figure out what this health freedom movement accomplished or didn't accomplish by getting their champion to the point where he was nominated for health and human services secretary.
What was accomplished?
Let's see.
committee after a first round of questioning yesterday.
And for the first time, we heard Republican publicly express doubts about him.
Our Lisa Desjardins was there.
She joins us now.
So, Lisa, what were the major differences between the second hearing and the first one?
This was a much sharper hearing and potentially more impactful as well, Jeff.
This was the Senate Health Committee, and it is chaired by a potential swing vote, Senator Bill Cassidy of Louisiana, who also happens to be a trained physician.
Now, he right at the top of the hearing said something we hadn't heard yesterday, which was he said he has real concerns, as a Republican, of past misleading and unfounded statements, he said, by Kennedy about vaccines.
And then he asked a direct question to Kennedy.
Will you reassure mothers unequivocally and without qualification that the measles and hepatitis B vaccines do not cause autism?
Senator, I am not going into the agency with any reasons.
That's kind of a yes or no question.
Now, what I find, just want to point out as it comes to my mind, I'm just going to talk randomly.
A couple of times during the hearings, they said something to this effect where they said measles vaccine
And they said polio vaccine.
Now here he said hepatitis B vaccine.
The hepatitis B vaccine, correct me if I'm wrong, is the one that's given at birth along with vitamin K shot.
My boys did not have that shot but my girl did because my boys were born in Norway and my girl was born in the United States.
So the point that I want to make is there is no measles shot.
There is no pertussis shot.
There's no diphtheria shot.
There's no polio shot.
And so when they talk about the measles shot being safe or effective, they have already lied to you about the correct question to ask.
There is no measles vaccine.
All the vaccines on the market have multiple antigens in them and probably also different adjuvants in them depending on the formulation.
And so all of these are relevant variables not taken into account when some mouth breathing stage performer says something like the measles vaccine.
And more importantly, when somebody who's supposed to be informed over the course of the last decade of activism doesn't say it.
Well, Senator, actually there is no measles vaccine, so we should be very clear and precise here.
Because that is actually part of the problem.
Part of the bamboozlement, part of the oversimplification, part of the lack of specificity, the part of the lack of precision that allows the mythology to be perpetuated by this illusion of consensus created not just
by the Senators, but also by Bobby's lack of response to them.
Lack of, I mean, if you really been playing this game for 10 years, you got all the basic openings.
You know how this all works.
You know how the first four or five moves of chess is not really that much of a decision?
If you've been playing chess a while,
Well, if he's been doing this for a while, then this question is not like, oh my gosh, I'm so surprised, what a curve ball.
And I can't believe how often I hear these people swing and miss when somebody says measles vaccine or polio vaccine.
The only polio vaccine there is that's accurately called a polio vaccine is the oral one because it's only for polio.
It's measles, mumps, and rubella.
It's diphtheria and pertussis and something else.
And hepatitis B is given at birth.
Like, come on, guys.
And he says, and he says, his only answer is, is that he doesn't have any preconceived notions.
After 10 years of study, after 10 years of activism, he has no preconceived notions.
It's just like Doc Malek in the UK.
After coming out three years late, and after podcasting and interviewing hundreds of people, he has no preconceived notions of what happened.
He hasn't learned jack shit.
And it seems like Robert F. Kennedy Jr., after all this time and all this activism, hasn't learned jack shit either.
Otherwise, he'd be dropping bombs right now, not making excuses, right?
Because the data is there.
And that's kind of a yes or no.
And I don't mean to cut you off, but that really is a yes or no.
If the data is there, I will absolutely do that.
Now, this is what Kennedy says, is that he's open to arguments.
If the data is there.
Don't you see how bad that makes him look?
If the data is there, you're waiting for someone to send it to you when you want the largest budgetary responsibility in the administration?
I mean, it's just an extraordinary theater.
That's all it is.
It is a ritual designed to get us
the farm animals to believe and accept the outcome that we are told is the result of the ritual.
I'm going to play this again.
Come on, girl.
He said it's not a question of if the data is there.
In fact, we know the data is there, at least what the data says so far.
There's a 2022 study looking at 19 different studies that shows there's no link that's known scientifically between autism and vaccines.
There's also studies looking at kids who were not vaccinated and say no difference significance in how they
Now are you really willing to believe that after Mary Holland was on Democracy Now in 2015 arguing with or against Paul Offit on the same side as Rand Paul in 2015 and now we're in 2025 and essentially the same ham-fisted discussion is happening on PBS NewsHour after it already happened
on Good Morning America for the movie Vaxxed with Robert De Niro in 2016.
10 years ago.
And we still have people just citing meta-studies with p-values that supposedly prove it without any discussion about the complex biology that's there, about the complex biology that might be behind it, and that there is no one definitive cause.
It could emerge from a number of different combination of causes.
And that still wouldn't mean that autism couldn't come from one particular one, and that is the repeated intramuscular injection of toxins, and their buildup, or their interaction with the many medications and toxins that children are exposed through orally, or through their skin, or inhaled.
And so rather than talking about how almost impossible it will be to discuss the causes of autism as in one cause, of course it's going to be difficult.
Because we're screwing up a pattern integrity with a trajectory across time during a crucial point in development.
When the pattern integrity is changing the most rapidly during childhood, during infancy,
And so messing with a pattern integrity when it's moving the fastest, changing the fastest, growing the fastest, will have the most consequential and potentially devastating outcomes on the final destination and trajectory through time.
And so think of all the eloquent biology, the sacred biology that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
could have offered them.
Which would have been effectively the same thing as saying, I don't have any preconceived notions, but I can tell you that you can't say it doesn't.
I can tell you that it's much more complicated than what is the cause of autism?
What is the gene?
What are the genes?
This is all nonsense.
He could have said anything.
And what he said was, I don't have any preconceived notions.
Wow, is that a major, major letdown.
Were diagnosed with autism.
Now, there's something else notable in this hearing, too, Jeff.
Three Republican senators who were in this hearing, you see them right there, backed up Kennedy's refusal to deny that link between autism and vaccines.
They said, why not be open to it?
One of them talking to you afterwards, Tommy Tuberville, said there probably is a link.
That is not scientific.
And in this hearing where Kennedy was questioning science, he wants to disrupt what he says is people who are acting in bad faith, the truth is Kennedy, who's written books on health, I've been reading one of them himself, is not really sticking to the science here.
And on vaccines, public health folks say that's dangerous.
And there was another controversial moment today that centered.
Very carefully.
She says, public health folks say that's dangerous.
So she hasn't learned the biology.
And now she says she's reading his book.
Which book I wonder.
Maybe she'll interview me because she'll find me in the acknowledgements.
on 9-11 and conspiracy theories.
Tell us about that.
That's right.
This centered, in fact, on sort of some past things that he said, including a post that he put on X last summer.
This is what it said going back to last summer when he was running for president.
RFK wrote that it's hard to tell what's a conspiracy theory and he won't take sides on 9-11.
Virginia Senator Tim Kaine, a Democrat, asked Kennedy about that.
You wouldn't take sides on 9-11, and you're admitting, you know, I have a hard time telling what is an conspiracy theory and what isn't.
Senator, I haven't investigated it.
If the things that I investigate I take sides on, people are allowed to hold that opinion.
I'm not going to tell them they're crazy.
So he hasn't investigated 9-11 at all, so he's not going to have an opinion on it.
You know, he hasn't investigated pedophilia either, so it could be happening, but he hasn't ever investigated, so he's not really worried about it.
Everything that he investigates, then he knows for sure.
So, you know, it's lucky that he hasn't investigated vaccines and developed some kind of preconceived notions before he became nominated for Health and Human Services Secretary.
It's sure good that he didn't research anything about vaccines beforehand to have any opinion, because he doesn't have any opinion about 9-11.
That's all he's saying, just like he doesn't have any opinion about vaccines.
Is he for holding that opinion?
I'm going to say, what is your evidence?
Just two decades after 9-11, not denying conspiracy theories.
No one I talked to afterwards could defend that.
So these three nominees today, RFK Jr., Tulsi Gabbard, Kash Patel, controversial by any normal standard, but we're not living in normal political times.
I mean, will they have the votes?
OK, here's where we are right now.
It looks like Patel is doing well.
He's on track for confirmation at this moment.
Gabbard had a tough day today.
And I think especially from Republicans, I'm hearing there is some talk of trying to convince President Trump to pull her nomination.
Now, Kennedy, on the bubble.
It really comes down to a question of Trump and the pressure he puts, how much he's committed to these nominees.
Lisa Desjardins, thanks as always.
Welcome.
So let's watch the next video then.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
So, Mr. Kennedy, I want to start with something that I think you and I agree on, and that is that Big Pharma has too much power in Washington.
You've said that President Trump asked you to, quote, clean up corruption and conflicts.
Sounds great.
You've said that you will, quote, slam shut the revolving door between government agencies and the companies they regulate.
That also sounds great.
So here's an easy question.
Will you commit that when you leave this job, you will not accept compensation from a drug company, a medical device company, a hospital system, or a health insurer for at least four years, including as a lobbyist or a board member?
Can you just repeat the last part of the question?
Can I commit to what?
You're not going to take money from drug companies in any way, shape, or form.
Who?
Me?
Yes, you.
Oh.
Yeah, I'm happy to commit to that.
That's what I figured.
I said it's an easy question to start with.
And I think you're right on this question.
I don't think any of them want to give me money, by the way.
Let's keep going.
You're right to say yes, because every American has the right to know that every decision you make as our number one health officer is to help them and not to make money for yourself in the future.
So I want to talk more about money.
I'm looking at your paperwork right now.
In the past two years, you've raked in two and a half million dollars from a law firm called Wisner Baum.
You go online, you do commercials to encourage people to sign up with Wisner Baum to join lawsuits against vaccine makers.
Now, I worked with him for a year and a half.
I worked for CHD for that year and a half, and I never heard anybody talk about this law firm.
And I don't hear Bobby Kennedy denying that he made two and a half million dollars over the last year or year or two with this law firm.
I find it actually quite extraordinary that anybody would be making money from the VICP instead of fighting it as unconstitutional.
And any lawyer that's using the VICP to get compensation for victims of transfection can't, because of conflicts of interest, actually object to it as unconstitutional.
That's why Aaron Siri actually can't fight the CICP or the VICP as unconstitutional, as stripping us of Seventh Amendment violations, because he himself uses them, advocates for that as a way for his clients to get compensation from the government.
Therefore, he can't, at the same time as he's advising clients that the system is usable, also argue against it being constitutional.
That's why Aaron Seery doesn't use the words strict scrutiny to challenge the PrEP Act, to codify what is missing from it and would justify its unconstitutionality and it's striking.
And remember, Bobby Kennedy is a lawyer.
working with those lawyers, also not saying strict scrutiny when suspending fundamental rights, PrEP Act struck, blah blah blah.
You got to wake up, ladies and gentlemen.
No one's going to wake up but you.
And for everyone who signs up, you personally get paid.
And if they win their case, you get 10% of what they win.
So if you bring in somebody who gets $10 million, you walk away with $1 million.
Now, you just said that you want the American people to know you can't be bought.
Your decisions won't depend.
I hope they're glyphosate suits, glyphosate cancers.
I hope that's true.
Then I think we should be fighting glyphosate a little more than we are now, aren't we?
Thanks for that tidbit there, Pamela.
So, Mr. Kennedy, will you also agree that you won't take any compensation from any lawsuits against drug companies while you are secretary and for four years afterwards?
Well, I'll certainly commit to that while I'm secretary.
But I do want to clarify something, because you're making me sound like a shill.
I put together that case.
I did the Science Day presentation of the judge on that case to get it into court.
Mr. Kennedy, it's just a really simple question.
You've taken in $2.5 million.
I want to know if you will commit right now
I mean, if that is glyphosate suits, he should say that.
I mean, why wouldn't he say it?
It's so weird.
that not only will you not go to work for drug companies, you won't go to work suing the drug companies and taking your rake out of that while you're a secretary and for four years after.
It's just- I'll commit to not taking any fees from drug companies while I'm secretary.
I'm asking about fees from suing drug companies.
Will you agree not to do that?
You're asking me to not sue drug companies.
Isn't that the dumbest thing you've ever heard?
Why would anybody on her staff suggest that as being a good question unless it's part of the theater?
It's just completely teeing him up to say exactly what he's gonna say here and look like a champ.
You can sue drug companies as much as you want.
I'm not going to agree to not sue companies or anybody.
So let's do a quick count here of how, as Secretary of HHS, if you get confirmed, you could influence every one of those lawsuits.
Well, let me start the list.
You can publish your anti-vaccine conspiracies, but this time on US government letterheads, something a jury might be impressed by.
You could appoint people to the CDC vaccine panel who share your anti-vax views and let them do your dirty work.
You could tell the CDC vaccine panel to remove a particular vaccine from the vaccine schedule.
You could remove vaccines from special compensation programs, which would open up manufacturers to mass torts.
You could make more injuries eligible for compensation, even if there is no causal evidence.
You could change vaccine court processes to make it easier to bring junk lawsuits.
You could turn over FDA data to your friends at the law firm and they could use it however it benefited them.
You could change vaccines.
I'm not sure that he could do any of this as Health and Human Services Secretary.
What she's suggesting is that he could change laws.
Laws like the BICP or the CICP or the PREP Act or the National Vaccine Safety Act or whatever it was called.
So this is just ridiculous.
It's ridiculous oration theater, no different, exactly seamlessly linked as a separate act in the same play with Rand Paul and Tony Fauci in front of the Senate in 2020 about the lab leak or 2021, whenever it was.
It's exactly the same.
and labeling.
You could change vaccine information rules.
You could change which claims are compensated in the vaccine injury compensation program.
There's a lot of ways that you can influence those future lawsuits and pending lawsuits while you are secretary of HHS.
And I'm asking you to commit right now that you will not take a financial stake
in every one of those lawsuits so that what you do as secretary will also benefit you financially down the line.
I'll comply with all the ethical guidelines.
That's not the question.
You and I, you have said.
You're asking me, Senator, you're asking me not to sue vaccine pharmaceutical companies.
No, I am not.
Yeah, you are.
That's exactly what you're doing.
Look, no one should be fooled here.
And that's the magic trick.
No one should be fooled here.
That's the neurolinguistic programming.
That's how they do it.
It's exactly what they did with Rand Paul and Tony Fauci with the lab leak.
It's exactly what they will keep doing.
These are all theatrical
limited spectrums of debate and a very lively debate within that spectrum.
But all the presuppositions of the narrative are being reinforced by this lively spectrum of debate.
No, I'm not, Mr. Kennedy.
No, I'm not.
Nobody should be fooled here, says the Senator, and I totally agree.
Secretary of HHS, Robert Kennedy will have the power to undercut vaccines and vaccine manufacturing across our country.
And for all of his talk about follow the science and his promise that he won't interfere with those of us who want to vaccinate his kids, the bottom line is the same.
Kennedy can kill off access to vaccines and make millions
I want to play that last little bit.
That was weird.
That was a weird thing for her to say.
What was that?
Billions of dollars while he does it.
With all the ethical guidelines.
That's not the question.
You and I, you have said repeatedly.
Senator, you're asking me not to sue vaccine companies.
No, I am not.
Yeah, you are.
That's exactly what you're doing.
Look, no one should be fooled here.
As Secretary of HHS, Robert Kennedy will have the power to undercut vaccines and vaccine manufacturing across our country.
And for all of his talk about follow the science and his promise that he won't interfere with those of us who want to vaccinate his kids,
Won't interfere with those of us who want to vaccinate his kids.
What a weird thing to say.
That's how you know it's a theater, guys.
It's just all a theater.
The bottom line is the same.
Kennedy can kill off access to vaccines and make millions of dollars while he... He can kill off access to vaccines.
I mean, seriously, kill, kill off.
Senator, I support vaccines.
I support the childhood schedule.
I will do that.
The only thing I want is good science, and that's it.
Senator, I support vaccines.
I support the childhood schedule.
I will do that.
The only thing I want is good science, and that's it.
How about then say you won't make money off of it?
I support vaccines.
I support the childhood schedule.
I will do that.
The only thing I want is good science, and that's it.
How about then say you won't make money off what you do as Secretary of HHS?
Before we go to Senator Tillis, I think it would be important for me to make it very clear that Mr. Kennedy has gone through the same Office of Government Ethics process as every single other nominee in the Finance Committee this year and in previous administrations.
In addition to listing his assets, including the items that you've identified, he has signed an ethics letter that has been reviewed by the Office.
Thank you, Chairman.
Mr. Kennedy, I only have five minutes with you, and I've got a lot of experience with CMS, so you're just gonna have to listen.
Two things.
One, if you want to move from advocacy to public responsibility, Americans are gonna need to hear a clear,
and trustworthy recantation of what you have said on vaccinations, including a promise from you never to say vaccines aren't medically safe when they in fact are and
making indisputably clear that you support mandatory vaccinations against diseases where that will keep people safe.
Okay, so that's a pretty clear question.
Let's see his response to it.
You're in that hole pretty deep.
We've just had a measles case in Rhode Island, the first since 2013.
And frankly, you frighten people.
Two, I want to air harms that Rhode Island has experienced from a remorseless, senseless CMS bureaucracy.
So I don't know what the CMS is.
I think that's how they reimburse Medicaid and Medicare or something like that.
And so now he's going to go on a diatribe about how payments aren't paid the same and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, after he said that stuff about vaccines.
So I'm going to fast forward just a little bit because I do know
that most of this is kind of irrelevant.
CMS has for years, forming ACO and its patients and contrary to the public interest, he dies.
Inhumane court order to be awakened, reparable and likely illegal harm be put into
The record is out.
You're welcome to respond in writing.
I ask you to take time and perhaps even make a model for better health care everywhere.
I've said a lot.
My time is out.
You're welcome to respond in writing.
I ask you to take time.
It's all expensive, frightening, inhumane, and stupid.
But the insensate CMS bureaucracy takes a court order
to be awakened to the harm they cause.
Now, remember what he's talking about is, in my humble opinion, the use of this, this incompetent or crappy system to manage the population pyramid problem.
People are being murdered and it's being hidden behind incompetence, mismanagement, bad protocols, rushing it, running out of money, not funding something.
It's a combination of lies that hides the murder.
And it is a coordinated effort by all of these people to agree that all of these lies are important aspects of it.
And not just say, we need to murder these people because we can't afford to spend money and resources on all of them and extending their life as long as Western medicine could make it.
We just simply can't.
I have had enough.
CMS should let Rhode Island try humane end-of-life care through CMMI.
Humane end-of-life care is what he is advocating for.
Humane end-of-life care so that we don't waste all these resources and money and we're smart about it.
He's not talking about death panels.
He's talking about end-of-life care being humane.
Let's see if it works at a state.
I bet it will save money, serve families better at a very, very delicate time.
And I wonder if AI will be involved in optimizing the humaneness of our end-of-life care.
Perhaps even make a model for better health care everywhere.
I've said a lot.
My time is out.
You're welcome to respond in writing.
I ask unanimous consent that the order declaring CMS's actions to constitute irreparable and likely illegal harm be put into
the record without objection.
Let me just respond very briefly, Senator Whitehouse.
I'm an implacable enemy of tyrannical, insensate bureaucracies and stupid rules.
And I will work with you.
make CMS responsive to the needs of Rhode Island and to remedy those disparities that you talk about.
I am familiar with the Integra health plan.
And it is a template for what we ought to be doing as a value-based plan.
And I look forward to you to making sure that we create pilot programs like this.
Unfortunately, Mr. Chairman, one of the things I've learned in my tenure in the Senate is that a nominee saying that they're willing to work with me amounts to exactly zero.
We need to get this fixed.
Thank you.
Next.
If you want to move from advocacy to public responsibility, Americans are going to need to hear a clear and trustworthy recantation.
And so now let's listen to how the health freedom movement responds to the what you just heard Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
say that he supports vaccines.
He supports the vaccine schedule.
He supports the childhood vaccine schedule, everything.
He didn't say the word mandate, but that's what he said.
Of what you have said on vaccinations, including a promise from you never to say vaccines aren't medically safe when they in fact are.
And former law school classmates, interesting.
Interesting.
Making indisputably clear that you support mandatory vaccinations against diseases where that will keep people safe.
You're in that hole pretty deep.
We've just had a measles case in Rhode Island.
The first since 2013.
And frankly, you frighten people.
Now, this guy just had an interview on YouTube with a New York Times reporter where he calls himself, among other things, the creator of Breitbart News and also a intellectual property expert, which is very interesting.
I'm probably going to show that video tomorrow.
Now, who is this guy going to be in the studio with talking about the failure of Bob F. Kennedy, Robert F. Kennedy Jr., to speak out usefully against anything but processed food in the confirmation hearing of that day?
Who's he going to be talking to?
What's the spin going to be on this for the Health Freedom Movement?
Number one, do you think they got to him today, rattled him, and do you think he comes out as strong as he walked in as far as the ability to get confirmed?
Yes, I think that they did not rattle him.
He is very used to this.
This is nearly 20 years of this stuff.
And the betting markets were up about 30% after his confirmation hearing today.
Why was that?
The betting markets?
Is she talking about stocks being up?
Why would somebody who's fighting for the last decade as a children's health advocate be giving a shit about the stock market in response to their supposed bannerman being nominated for HHS secretary and saying that he is pro-vaccine and supports the childhood vaccine schedule?
She says the stock market's up and that's a good sign.
I think he showed himself very calm and composed under pressure.
I think the... Because he pulled his punches.
You know, Megyn Kelly and I wanted to be a little more aggressive, but we're naturally crazy Irishmen, so we want to... Your theory of the case is it's better not to let Bobby Cole change.
Yeah, my theory of the case is he let these people grandstand and they burned themselves out.
They showed themselves to be silly.
Talking about onesies at a Senate confirmation hearing is just ridiculous.
And I think they just wanted to blather on.
They didn't want to hear answers.
And that comes across to the American people.
It was only half of that committee that really wanted to hear the answers.
If you don't want to hear the answers from the person who's going to be the secretary, you're not serious about that inquiry.
Now it's important to realize with Mary Holland that Mary Holland was part of Bobby Kennedy's, Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'
's original campaign staff.
She stopped and stepped down as head of CHD or wherever she was in CHD to work for the campaign of Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
until the month that I was hired officially as a staff scientist
under Brian Hooker.
And then she left the campaign and came back as head of CHD.
That's very important to remember because she was not just always the head of CHD.
She's not the founder of CHD.
Laura Bono is.
And yet she's the one who is on
Democracy Now in 2015, arguing against Paul Offit on the same team as Rand Paul.
Not Laura Bono, not Brian Hooker, not Robert F. Kennedy Jr., but Mary Holland, arguing against the fact or arguing that a component of the MMR vaccine may have injured her son.
This woman now, 10 years later, is claiming victory because the former president of her nonprofit that she's now the head of is nominated for Health and Human Services Secretary, just answered that question with, I support vaccines and the childhood vaccine schedule, and that he has no preconceived notions
about public health and the vaccine schedule, despite 10 years of preparation and advocacy.
This is the spin she's putting on it now, listen carefully.
Great, and that's to me what came across.
Tommy Tuberville sat in that seat.
He's going to be on the committee tomorrow of health and human services.
And I asked him, I said, if you know the military industrial complex, the big tech industrial complex, and then you had the big pharma medical industrial complex.
So he just listed different industrial complexes, which was what?
That was the rescue the Republic thing.
Every person that was on stage at the Rescue the Republic rally had behind them a little graphic projected on the screen that had different industrial complexes.
The military industrial, the pharma industrial, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
That was the Bret Weinstein, you know, show that everybody was, that Bret Weinstein is now pushing as his, as his best, you know, whatever.
that he's a hero.
Now, Bannon basically admits, indirectly but directly, that he was probably involved in that.
Why else would he cite those specific things in that specific way and then hand the mic back to one of the people involved in that fake show?
I said, rank order those of the most powerful.
And he said, Steve, he says, big pharma and medical is so far above military.
I said, what?
And he says, not even comparison.
He says, they're all over.
They're everywhere.
They got lobbyists because there's so much money.
And he says, they're so powerful.
Is that true?
I think it's very likely that CHD's undisclosed sources of money are probably mostly from big pharma.
Because Big Pharma has every reason to control the anti-vaccine movement, to essentially neuter it and sabotage it by putting people in place inside of those organizations that even maybe have real stories but are willing to basically hobble.
the movement to sell it out, to make sure that they never make any progress or always run in the wrong direction of big top tent of health freedom or vaccine choice.
If Lunchables were killing kids,
and being distributed as required eating at schools, in order to attend schools, and Lunchables were deadly to some children, you would not be advocating for school lunch choice.
You would be advocating for getting Lunchables off the menu.
If Lunchables were a lethal product and they were required, mandated as lunch at schools, you would not advocate for vaccine choice or lunch choice.
You end it.
And these people, after 10 years of advocating for vaccine choice, are still advocating for vaccine choice now.
Even in the confirmation hearing of Robert F. Kennedy Jr., they are clapping for vaccine choice.
Well, there are seven lobbyists for every member of Congress from the pharma-industrial complex.
And of course, seven lobbyists for- And you really think that the guy who was the main strategist described by himself, self-described main strategist of the Trump administration in 2016 isn't aware of how many lobbyists there are per congressman?
Stop lying!
This is a theater.
It's a performance.
designed to hijack the populist whatever in America and make it nothing.
to make sure no meaningful populist movement ever rises, and anybody that questions the regular mainstream red and white pill bullshit will inevitably find themselves running in the hamster wheels that Steve Bannon and others have curated over the last 5 and 10 years.
And it is 5 and 10 years, because it started before the pandemic with these people.
every member of Congress.
And of course- So you have 535 members, you're telling- I'm telling you that's the number that I've heard.
Remember, Bobby's budget, $1.9 trillion, is three times the military budget.
So yes, this is the biggest money center in the cabinet, and it is connected, especially around pandemic preparedness, this is connected to the military-industrial complex.
So yes, they are extremely powerful.
And we're seeing this tremendous pushback, which we've been seeing all along.
But what's important is that Bobby Kennedy is on the cusp of confirmation.
There were thousands of people who came from all over the country.
I am certain there are millions of people watching the videos that are out there right now.
This is something the country wants to see.
The country wants to understand this vaccine issue.
And they, I think, are behind what Bobby, basically his message was, I want gold standard science and I want radical transparency.
Those were his- Gold standard science and radical transparency, which could be five years of funded testing.
Five years of children continuing to get the hepatitis B shot at birth.
Five years of teenagers still being administered the hepatitis B vaccine.
And five years of people still taking the COVID shots, especially old people, you know, the part of the population pyramid that needs managing.
It's core messages.
Is that why there's so much money through the system?
Is that why finance goes before the healthcare committee?
I think so.
Because you're just talking about the cash is so big.
It's so great.
And you have to know somebody's a fiduciary.
Yeah, and when there's no transparency, how do you know the money's being honest?
You don't.
But the money's not being honest.
But there's no transparency at CHD either.
It's not like they tell you where all their money comes from.
Where's Bannon's funding come from?
Where's Kevin McKernan's money coming from?
Where's Kevin McCairn and Charles Rixey's money coming from?
Where did Robert Malone's money come from for all the international COVID summits?
Where is all this money from Locals and Substack coming from?
Where does Rumble get all its money and funding from?
See how they get you focused on one dumb little shiny object inside of the limited spectrum of debate and then fight over it and yell about it and throw it back and forth and then it's so exciting you think, oh my gosh, I want that too.
There's tremendous corruption in the health care sector.
I don't think anybody disagrees with that in Medicaid and Medicare that they talked about.
There's tremendous levels of fraud.
And I think Bobby Kennedy will look at that, and I think he will be positive in undercutting some of that fat.
Your understanding of this industrial complex, your understanding of Bobby Kennedy, the man and the activist, what are the
one or two most important things he can accomplish for President Trump and the nation as the secretary.
Radical transparency is number one.
There are closed books, Steve, that need to be opened about the chronic disease epidemic.
He is laser focused.
About the chronic disease epidemic or about the vaccine schedule or about infectious disease?
What?
The chronic disease?
There are books that need to be opened?
What?
on overcoming the chronic disease epidemic in this country.
Over half of adults and children have some kind of chronic condition.
Define that when you say chronic.
Chronic means it's not an acute condition.
It's not an accident.
He says define that for me and then he starts writing it down.
Stop lying!
Holy crap, this theater is terrible.
it's not an infectious disease.
It means it's asthma, it's diabetes, it's heart disease.
I mean that guy's wearing a working man's coat and he probably has a manicure every week.
What a show.
It's cancer.
And America's never been like that.
It's never.
Something's happened.
And as Bobby said, there can be genetic susceptibility, but there has to be some environmental trigger.
And he's an environmental scientist.
He's been looking at this kind of science.
What is the trigger?
What's making this happen?
As he said, when his uncle was president, there were like 3% of the American public that had chronic disease conditions.
They weren't spending money on it.
Now it is 90% of our healthcare budget.
And it's not about the money cost, it's really about the human cost.
I thought it was really poignant when he said, when people are healthy they have a thousand dreams, when people are sick they have one dream, and that's to be healthy.
Listen carefully to what she says next, because I think this is where you can hear the truth, plain as day, that these people play for the globalists, they play for the transhumanists, they play for the people that are trying to invert our sovereignty to permissions, our sovereignty to experimental animal status.
Listen carefully.
Transparency, what else?
Well, gold standard science.
The truth of the matter is, Steve, we look at the science around vaccines every day and it is not transparent and it's not honest science.
What does that even mean, transparent, honest science?
Is she going to talk about P values and no hypotheses?
Is she going to be talking about the assumptions of the immune response and pathogen associated molecular patterns versus damages?
No, nothing.
These are all just buzzwords and nonsense bullshit that is a limited spectrum of debate that sounds really good and means nothing.
She's a lawyer using meaningless words and that should show you how malevolent her role is.
Because lawyers that worth their salt don't use any meaningless words.
They're some of the funnest people to converse with.
There's fake placebos that are used every day.
They game who goes into the clinical trials and they hide the data.
The FDA doesn't do any independent science.
The drug companies do the science and they feed to FDA basically what they want to feed.
So Bobby is going to have a lot to do with creating, recreating gold standard signs and bringing in, as he said, people to HHS who are really ready to engage in unbiased science and innovation.
What do you put his odds today after the finance committee?
What do you put his odds as confirmation?
Oh, wait, what did she just say there?
Was that the part I missed?
Did I miss that part?
And they feed to FDA basically what they want to feed.
So Bobby is going to have a lot to do with creating, recreating gold standard signs and bringing in, as he said, people to HHS who are really ready to engage in unbiased science and innovation.
Innovation?
Unbiased science and innovation.
Innovation is not a word you want to hear out of Mary Holland's mouth.
What do you put his odds today after the finance committee?
What do you put his odds as confirmation?
Better than 50 percent.
Way better than 50 percent.
What do you think?
What does he have to do tomorrow?
Because Megan and I would love to see more aggressive.
You're saying you don't understand the game.
The game's a confirmation.
Let the Democrats punch in.
Think about what they accuse him of.
They accuse him of being a nut job.
They accuse him of being an anti-vax conspiracy theorist.
So what's the best antidote to that?
To be deliberative, to be calm, to be sober-minded, to be rational.
I think that's what he showed today.
I think that's what he'll show tomorrow.
One of the things that was most impressive.
Is he being sober-minded and rational by saying that he supports vaccines, he supports the vaccine schedule, he wants to protect the vaccine schedule?
Or is he just being disingenuous from the perspective of some people that have fought for this for a decade?
It just sounds like lying.
It just sounds like selling out.
I don't come into HHS with any preconceived notions seems to mean that in the last 10 years of advocacy, these people haven't learned anything worth telling you.
Or haven't managed to summarize it into an elevator pitch yet.
working with you guys last couple of years the people involved with it with you working with you guys for the last couple of years go look it up and see go look up and see how much much bannon has promoted chd as the movement it's a wonderful admission because it's true
more than a couple years.
I just talked to people who flew in from Hawaii, Steve.
I talked to people who flew in from Illinois, people who drove all night, people who waited in line at one in the morning.
People want somebody who cares about people in that job.
I think we've seen Alex Azar, Scott Gottlieb, people who really came out of pharma and they went back to pharma.
Bobby's never been in pharma, he's never been in corporate interest, and he's there for the people.
As you said, he doesn't
But he's always been handled by Meryl Nass and Mary Holland, which is not a very good sign of independence.
He doesn't need this job to be secretary, but he wants children to be healthy.
He wants our country to be healthy.
Explain to our audience, what is Make America Healthy Again?
What does the MAHA movement stand for?
It stands for taking America's health back from corporate interests.
The corporate interests make money on sick people.
We have a sick care system.
We don't have a health system.
Five more minutes.
I think Bobby wants it to be a system that supports health.
And that's good food.
That's good medicine.
That may be supplements.
That may be use of AI.
That may be telemedicine.
It's really- Supplements and
Supplements and AI, says Mary.
That might be supplements and AI, says Mary.
That might be supplements and AI as a medical device which would need FDA approval.
I'm gonna continue this show over the course of the whole week.
There's no way I can possibly get it all in all the time because it's just so crazy how long I could go about this stuff.
But ladies and gentlemen, Team Worst Case Scenario is the reason why we are here.
Team Worst Case Scenario got us here.
That's the reason why in 2025, most people think it was a lab leak.
Team Worst Case Scenario might've been headed by at least two people, namely Robert Malone
and Kevin McKernan of the Human Genome Project.
The reason why I'm onto these people is because I've had a lot of personal interaction with them and a lot of experience with them not telling the truth about me, my work, or the coronavirus pandemic.
I think it's culminated in this guy, Kevin McKernan, lying about how the book
written by Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Children's Health Defense was written, and who participated in it and who didn't.
And those lies are very, very well recorded on the Danny Jones podcast.
Can't be erased or forgotten, and neither can his five-year history in the pandemic where he started out.
uselessly objecting to the WHO's PCR test, but not the PCR in general.
And that means that he perpetuated the narrative of a novel virus that could kill millions, that millions more were saved from, that might come from gain of function if not this time, next time.
And that's why he is still there now.
The only difference is now he says the shots are contaminated and it could be gain of function.
Whereas in the beginning, he actually said that it might be natural and it was just here before in like October.
And so Team Worst Case Scenario is composed of a lot of people that have had a myth and a part of the mythical script that they pushed for the first couple of years while the murder in America was occurring.
And that narrative trap is this one.
And all of that narrative trap is constructed with myths about a spike protein that causes outcomes that are actually expected for transfection.
Transfection being the vaccine that they call the vaccine for COVID is really just a transfection.
And Kevin McKernan's little line about PCR working just not the who's PCR is part of this.
little screen mythology and embedded even within his bullshit is the idea that there's cardiac damage or mitochondrial damage or prion disease or amyloidosis or long COVID is all expected outcomes of transfection being misconstrued as outcomes of the novel virus that Kevin McKernan is sure has been tracked around the world to the tune of more than 18 million sequences.
That's why none of them are gonna tell you about the fact that the FDA needs to approve AI as telemedicine, as an advisor, as a medical device.
And there are laws coming out about it because this is all part of the same illusion.
They don't want you to understand PCR as a diagnostic fraud.
They don't want you to know that the only thing that they have is synthetic recombinant genetics.
They can make a lot of DNA and they can put it somewhere.
And by making a lot of DNA and putting it somewhere, that's all they would need to do to take a background signal and misconstrue it as a spreading novel pathogen.
And that would be enough for you to take their tools to identify their ghosts and think you're a ghostbuster.
And they did that because transfection was always a crime.
They were never gonna be able to roll it out unless they had a really elaborate excuse
And unless they could get away with rolling out placebo for that elaborate excuse.
Billions of doses are necessary.
We're going to rush it.
And now they have a cover story for both.
And that cover story has its basis in the idea that an RNA molecule can go from a mud puddle to something called endemic.
And that was seeded before the pandemic by all these virology narratives and all these gain-of-function papers that enabled the mythology of a PCR test that described a novel virus to take hold, to be reinforced by a bunch of liars on the internet that can't tell you the truth, that RNA cannot pandemic, that intramuscular injection is dumb, that transfection of healthy people is a crime, or that we have a population pyramid problem that needs managing.
And so they murdered people and lied about it.
And people are getting rich.
continuing to lie about it.
Thank you very much for joining me.
I will be here again tomorrow.
As usual, we will be here every day now until something better happens.
Thanks very much for joining me.
I'll see you again tomorrow around the same time, 10, 11, something like that.
Thank you.